_pages/days.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Days
permalink: /days/
---


# BiGre Days: February, 20th, 2025 @ IMAG

Join us for the BiGre Days, a one-day conference bringing together the vibrant
community of computational biology, biostatistics, bioinformatics, and
biophysics in Grenoble. The event will feature two invited speakers, as well
as a series of oral presentations and a poster session showcasing exciting
research.

We aim to provide a platform for young local researchers to share their work
and foster collaboration.

*The event is free but registration is mandatory*.

[Registration and call for abstracts](https://forms.gle/W74PL81FYdGJXGK4A)

## Important dates

- **Conference**: February 20th 2025
- **Announcing talk / poster selection**: Januray, 31st 2025
- **Call close**: January 15th, 2025
- **Call opening**: November, 27th, 2024

## Keynotes

We have two invited speakers scheduled!

- Claire Lemaître, GenScale, Inria, Rennes
- Guido Uguzzoni, BGE, CEA, Grenoble


## Organizing committee

- [Sophie Abby](https://sophieabby.github.io/), TIMC
- [Antoine Frenoy](https://perso.crans.org/frenoy/), TIMC
- [Magali Richard](https://magrichard.github.io/index.html), TIMC
- [Nelle Varoquaux](https://nellev.github.io), TIMC

## Program committee

- Thomas Burger, EDyP
- Laurent Guyon, CEA
- Clovis Galiez, LJK
- Vincent Lefort, LECA
- Frédéric Boyer, LECA
- Delphine Ropers, INRIA, LiPHY
- Angélique Stephanou, TIMC
- Ivan Junier, TIMC
- Florent Chuffart, IAB

Commit message:

Test for schedule of BiGre days on website

_pages/days.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Days
permalink: /days/
---


# BiGre Days: February, 20th, 2025 @ IMAG

Join us for the BiGre Days, a one-day conference bringing together the vibrant
community of computational biology, biostatistics, bioinformatics, and
biophysics in Grenoble. The event will feature two invited speakers, as well
as a series of oral presentations and a poster session showcasing exciting
research.

We aim to provide a platform for young local researchers to share their work
and foster collaboration.

*The event is free but registration is mandatory*.

[Registration and call for abstracts](https://forms.gle/W74PL81FYdGJXGK4A)

## Important dates

- **Conference**: February 20th 2025
- **Announcing talk / poster selection**: Januray, 31st 2025
- **Call close**: January 15th, 2025
- **Call opening**: November, 27th, 2024

## Keynotes

We have two invited speakers scheduled!

- Claire Lemaître, GenScale, Inria, Rennes
- Guido Uguzzoni, BGE, CEA, Grenoble


## Schedule
|       |       |                                                                                                                                                 |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |
|-------|-------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| 9:00  | 9:50  | Claire Lemaitre: Moving from reference genomes to pangenome graphs: benefits and challenges for the analysis of structural variation            |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |
|-------|-------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| 9:50  | 10:10 | Predicting coarse-grained representations of biogeochemical cycles from metabarcoding data                                                      |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |
| 10:10 | 10:30 | Two-dimensional numerical resolution of a polar active matter model applied to collective cell migration                                        |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |
|-------|-------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| 10:30 | 11:00 |                                                                                                                                                 |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |
|-------|-------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| 11:00 | 11:20 | Peritumoral tissue is a promising source of prognostic biomarkers                                                                               |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |
| 11:20 | 11:40 | Placental DNAm changes mediating the association between prenatal air pollution exposure and child lung function: a study in the SEPAGES cohort |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |
| 11:40 | 12:00 | Guilt-by-association (GBA) centrality - an interactome-based analysis method for disease gene prioritization                                    |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |
| 12:00 | 12:20 | Benchmark of microRNA targets prediction algorithms using microRNA-mRNA co-sequencing datasets at the single-cell level                         |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |
|-------|-------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|



## Organizing committee

- [Sophie Abby](https://sophieabby.github.io/), TIMC
- [Antoine Frenoy](https://perso.crans.org/frenoy/), TIMC
- [Magali Richard](https://magrichard.github.io/index.html), TIMC
- [Nelle Varoquaux](https://nellev.github.io), TIMC

## Program committee

- Thomas Burger, EDyP
- Laurent Guyon, CEA
- Clovis Galiez, LJK
- Vincent Lefort, LECA
- Frédéric Boyer, LECA
- Delphine Ropers, INRIA, LiPHY
- Angélique Stephanou, TIMC
- Ivan Junier, TIMC
- Florent Chuffart, IAB
